= burpdot

burpdot is a quickly hacked together Ruby script to convert Burp log files into simple Graphviz DOT files.

Download the ruby file and run with:

  ./burpdot.rb -i burplogfile.log -o burp.dot

You can then process these files into graphic files using Graphviz tools, such as neato or sfdp:

  sfdp -v -Tpng -O burp.dot

The alternative is to just pipe the output of burpdot directly into Graphviz:

  ./burpdot.rb -i burplogfile.log | sfdp -v -Tpng -o burp.png

I've had most luck with sfdp, as I've had neato freeze up on me, or take an extraordinary amount of time. You can read more about these tools here:

  http://www.graphviz.org/

With the new "csv" mode you can pipe burpdot's output through afterglow into graphviz (using the supplied burp.properties color file):

  ./burpdot.rb -i burplogfile.log -m csv | ./afterglow.pl -t -c burp.properties | neato -v -Tpng -Goverlap=orthoyx -o burp.png

Because overlap settings aren't set by afterglow, I've specified them using the -G option. Afterglow requires the -t option because the CSV only has 2 columns instead of 3.

== Options

If you don't specify an -o option, burpdot will simply print out the DOT file. This allows you to quickly confirm that it contains data you want, or perhaps you want to pipe it through another command line tool.

The other important option, at this time, is the -l option. The -l option, or Overlap mode, specifies the Graphviz method for ensuring that nodes within the visualisation do not overlap. By default, the dot file is set for orthoyx, which means that overlaps are moved by optimizing two constraint problems, one for the y axis and one for the x. There are other options available for overlap removal, which you can review here:

  http://www.graphviz.org/doc/info/attrs.html#d:overlap

Burpdot now has 2 primary modes of operation, either output directly to a DOT file (with very limited formatting), or output as a "ref,url" CSV file. This is particular important for parsing these files with Afterglow. Mode is specified by the -m option. By default the option is "dot", but if you specify "csv" then a CSV is either printed to the screen or saved to a file (with the -o option). If the mode is set to CSV then the overlap option (-l) is ignored. You can download and read more about Afterglow here:

  http://afterglow.sourceforge.net/

== Usage

	Usage: ./burpdot.rb [options]

	Specific Options:
	    -h, --help                       Show help
	    -i <burp log file>               Input: The Burp Log File
	    -l <overlap mode>                Overlap: DOT file overlap mode. Defaults to 'orthoyx'
	    -o <output file>                 Output: The output file
	    -m <mode>                        Mode: either dot or csv. Defaults to dot
	    -v, --version                    Show version

	Example Overlap modes: 'scale', 'prism', 'vpsc', 'orthoyx'
	See http://www.graphviz.org/doc/info/attrs.html#d:overlap for more information

	If mode is set to "csv" then overlap is ignored

== History

Version 0.3 of burpdot, released on the 31st of March 2011.
 - The burpdot.rb file should function identically to 0.2
 - Split out some of the logic into separate modules, files, classes etc
 - This is primarily to allow for future output extensions, such as databases

Version 0.2 of burpdot, released on the 29th of March 2011.
 - Now has "mode" option, either set to "dot" or "csv"
 - Comes with a simple "burp.properties" color file for Afterglow

Version 0.1 of burpdot, released on the 19th of March 2011.

== License

   Copyright 2011 Christian Frichot

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

== Other links

Burp Suite is available from:

  http://www.portswigger.net/

Graphviz is available from:

  http://www.graphviz.org/

Afterglow is available from:

  http://afterglow.sourceforge.net/

You can contact Christian at:

  http://un-excogitate.org/
  https://twitter.com/xntrik

